c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\JoesPetStore.dll.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\obj\Debug\JoesPetStore.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssert.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\FluentAssert.pdb
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Developer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\JoesPetStore\JoesPetStore.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
